You've been nothing but nothing all these years
More ability to lie
Today you pretend to take credit for Shaojie
Damage the gift of the Universal Chamber of Commerce
Offend the gods
Lying addiction
Why didn't I find out in the first place?
You are such a person
Sure. What else do you want to say?
It is said that there was nothing like you at the beginning
It's a waste marriage
Really blind my eyes
You finally woke up
This trash is the disaster surname of our Lin family
The new aunt is right
This time you are canonized as Marquis
He's back to make trouble, shut up
My man beg you to gossip here
You protect him today
later
You will definitely regret your choice
How can you idiots know how to be a real dragon?
I believe you will regret it in the future
Longyuan, I'm serious.
You won't help me, will you?
Certainly.
I hope you will regret it in the future
Don't kneel down and beg me
Hey Ye Longyuan
You don't think you're holding us, do you?
Shaojie
Isn't the Chen family related to President Wan?
President Wan is the richest man in the world
Dean of one of the 36 Courtyard of Tianmen
You ask President Wan to come forward and make a fist
You blew it up again.
Our family
But I can't even see the foreign president's face
Oh auntie
You're right actually.
I'll tell my father to go back and tell him to go
Did you see the trash?
Or Shaojie has a way
What can you do to me?
I have nothing to say to these idiots
Wang Yuan, let's go
Xiao Da is up